-Dad?
-Hi, girls.
-Mr. Pfefferman.
Mort.
Jesus.
You look awesome.
-Thank you, Tammy.
It's been a while.
-Yeah.
-How's-- how's Mum and Dad?
-They're good.
They're good.
Yeah.
They're still in Phoenix.
-Oh, it's a wonderful
town, Phoenix.
-Dad, what are you wearing?
-So, I have something
to tell you.
-Uh-- oh, OK.
So, do you guys-- do
you want me to leave?
-Yes, please.
-No.
At least--
-You can stay.
That's fine.
-Please stay.
-OK, yeah.
Sure.
-So--
Yes.
So--
When I was a kid,
ever since I was five,
I-- I felt that
something was not right.
And I couldn't tell anybody
about my feminine side.
It was a different
time, you know?
A very different time.
And, uh, pretty
girl, I just-- I had
to keep all of those
feelings to myself.
-Look, Dad--
-No, let me do this.
Please God, let me do this.
People led secret lives.
And people led
very lonely lives.
And then of course the
internet was invented--
-The internet.
Can't hate on that internet.
It's magic.
-I'm sorry.
I-- I'm sorry, Dad.
I'm sorry.
I'm just trying-- can you
just help me out here?
Are you saying that you're gonna
start dressing up like a lady
all the time?
-No.
I mean, all my
life, my whole life,
I've been dressing
up like a man.
This is me.
[THEME MUSIC]
-Hey, Professor.
-Hello.
[KNOCKING]
-Professor Pfefferman?
Is it too late?
Professor Pfefferman?
[CHUCKLING]
-That was, uh-- that was
really-- that was brave of her.
You know?
It was.
It's hard.
Come on!
Come on.
-Her?
-Yeah.
Just-- I mean, right?
Yeah.
-Oh, good.
Len got the kids.
-Oh, that's good.
I'm still waiting to
hear from Barb, actually.
-Jesus.
-What?
-Barb and your daughter
are at my house.
-Fuck!
-P to the I to Z-Z za!
-Oh, yeah.
-Come on.
-Give me that shit.
Let me see it.
-Come and get it, chickies.
So, uh, I need to know.
What's going on with the sched?
You were able to move
that thing around?
-No.
-Ryan is doing us a huge
solid by even just, like,
carving out an hour to
be in the studio with us.
He's leaving for
Bonaroo tomorrow.
-I can't reschedule my thing.
-Kids.
What is more important
than recording with Ryan?
What's going on with her?
What's up?
-I think you should tell him.
-Tell me what?
-OK, whatever.
Fine.
Fuck you.
You're making me
tell you, but I'm
scheduled to get an abortion.
-17, 16, 15, 14, 13--
-Yeah!
Oh!
- --11, 10, nine, eight, seven,
six, five, four, three, two--
-Oh, man.
Ahh!
OK, we've got to come up
with a new name for our idea,
because sexercise.com is taken.
Fuck you, Go Daddy.
-Mm.
Assholes.
-OK, aerobics.
Ass-robics.
Workout.
Workout Twerk-out!
twerkout.com.
That's our thing, twerkout.com.
-Do you know how to twerk?
-Do you think I can't twerk?
-I'm just saying, I
want to see you twerk.
-Shit, they invented twerking?
-Hey, Mike's home.
-Hello.
-Hey, what's up?
Do you want one of these juices?
-Yeah, yeah.
-Yeah.
-You must be Stephanie.
-So not Stephanie.
-Ali.
-Even better.
-I'm so much better
than Stephanie.
[PARTY CHATTER]
-Hey!
Hi, guys.
Sorry, so late.
MALE SPEAKER: No problem.
-Hey, Barb.
-Sarah.
-Heard a lot about you.
-Likewise.
-Hey.
-Nice to meet you.
-How are you?
-We're good.
This is, um--
-Hey.
-Hi.
- --Tammy, from--
-Good to meet you.
-The famous Tammy Cashman.
-From college!
Oh my god, sure.
-Why didn't you take
the covers off of this?
It looks so ridiculous.
-Well, because we didn't
know that this was happening.
-I know, but it
takes just a second.
-Oh, good.
That's good.
I'm starving.
-Tammy, cold beer for you.
-She doesn't drink.
-Water.
Just water for me.
-How was shopping?
How'd that go?
-Uh, pretty hellish, actually.
I was going to take her to
find some tiles at Ann Sacks.
-Right, and then we had to
go all the way to the other--
-We had to go all
the way out to--
-And we didn't end
up getting them.
Hi!
What's your name?
-My name is Grace.
-Hi, Grace.
I'm Sarah.
It's so nice to meet you.
Oh my god.
-Yeah, that's Gracie.
-Hi, Mommy.
-Hi, lovey.
-Hi, honey bun.
That's Ella and Zack and--
-Colby?
MALE SPEAKER: So
Sarah, I was telling
Barb about Kenny's
place on Oahu.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Hey, babe?
-Yeah?
FEMALE SPEAKER:
I'm having trouble
pulling up the family calendar.
-OK.
I can do that.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Yeah, do you
know the spring break dates?
-OK, yep.
-Barb's a scratch golfer.
And I was thinking
it'd be fun to--
FEMALE SPEAKER: Let me see.
FEMALE SPEAKER: Now
you're exaggerating.
I didn't say that.
MALE SPEAKER: She
said scratch golfer.
How much fun would
it be to travel
with someone else
who plays golf?
-Yeah.
MALE SPEAKER: Then
we could all go.
-Oh my god.
Of course it's yours.
Are you serious?
-OK.
-That is so rude.
OK, OK.
I would not have
judged you if you
had slept with other people.
We never had the talk.
-The talk, the talk, the
talk, the talk-- argh!
Girls don't need the talk.
Only guys need the talk.
-I get why you've
been so fussy lately.
-I have been fussy because I
have an interloper in my body.
-Yeah.
Look, I'm gonna drive you home,
we're gonna pick up Cold Stone,
I'll rub your feet.
I'm going to take
care of you, OK?
-Fucking crazy bitch.
-I'm sorry.
-That's OK.
I couldn't sleep either.
[MOANING]
-Feels so good.
-I'm going to keep
kissing you and see
if we can make
this van levitate.
Just hang there in the sky.
We'll make time stop.
-Time-- oh my god, we
need so much fucking time.
-I need to fuck you
every day of my life.
-Ah.
I fucking love you.
I fucking love you, Tammy.
[MOANING]
-What did you do to me?
-I made you come.
-That wasn't that.
That was something else.
-Holy fuck.
-I feel like I'm lying
in a pool of water.
Len and I don't--
-Have sex like that?
-Have sex.
-Yeah, me and Barb either.
-So I said, OK, now, now, now--
and I looked down at my hand.
And I was-- my hand was shaking.
And I just said it.
And so, um-- and I'm so sorry.
I surprised her.
It was-- it was-- so
tragically impromptu.
But there you have it.
I mean, it's-- it's done.
And we have one down.
And we have two to go.
And then of course, the
rest of North America.
-Thanks for sharing, Maura.
You did it.
That's all we have
time for today.
Remember to try those
mindfulness exercises.
And I can't wait to
see you all next week.
-Let's get a drink.
Come on, let's celebrate.
-I got AA after this.
-You have what?
-AA, girl.
-Oh, oh.
-I'm sober also.
-Want a drink?
-Oh, I'm sober.
I'm sorry.
-There's a lot of us.
-No takers, huh?
-No.
Um-- well, you see,
I just don't want
to go back to the crappy
old Palisades just now.
I'm feeling so
celebratory, and I
was hoping I could find a nearby
place to, um-- I don't know,
have a-- just a-- you
know, festive cocktail.
Can I persuade you to join
me in a festive cocktail?
-OK.
Maybe I can knock off
a little bit early,
but I'll tell you what, why
don't we walk to my place,
because I've got some
crackers I need to get rid of.
-Walk?
That's utterly Parisian.
I'd love to.
You're Davina, right?
-That's right.
-I love your name.
-Well, thank you.
-You are?
-I'm Maura.
-Maura.
-Crackers.
-Mm-hmm.
Let's do it.
-Is this every Wednesday?
-Every Wednesday.
-I don't have any cash at all.
-Why are the car seats down?
-Oh, I-- I uh, moved
them when Tammy
and I went to the tile place.
No, no.
That one goes over there.
-It doesn't matter.
-Yes, it does.
Oh my god, it goes
on the other side.
They like to sit--
here, just switch them.
-Fine, fine, fine.
Here you go.
Take this.
-No.
Excuse me, can I pass.
-Just take the seat.
-Just let me pass, and I'll
put it on the other side.
-Now we're going
to be super-late.
I already looked at the time.
-You know what, Len?
That was the tone thing
that I was talking about.
OK?
Seriously, do you want to
just start a fight now,
or should we wait after we
drop the kids off at my mom's?
Date night turns
you into a monster.
-Really.
Why is this soaked?
Did a Capri-Sun
explode back here?
-Zacky!
Ella!
-You want to talk about tone?
I want you to listen to your
tone when you talk to me.
I'll get a tape recorder, and
I'll play it back for you.
You can fucking hear it.
-Yeah, go get a tape recorder.
-I will.
-Good luck.
-I'll find a store.
-Good luck with that.
-It's not my fault.
-Well, what does that mean?
Did she tell you she
was on birth control?
Was this an accidental
on purpose kinda thing?
Do you have any tofu schmear?
-I think so.
-Thank you.
-Tofu schmear?
What the fuck?
-I'm seeing a trainer, and he
says dairy is basically sludge
in your intestines, and I've
been walking around farting all
the time, so it's
probably the dairy.
Is she going to
have an abortion?
-Of course.
-Here.
Try this, sweetie.
-Thank you.
Have you ever gotten
anybody pregnant before?
-That chick, Carly.
-Oh, this is good.
Can we have a quarter
pound of this, please?
-Mum's going to freak if you
change the standing order.
-I'm not changing it.
I'm adding to it.
It's an addition.
Don't you always think about
this guy in his apartment?
Like, eating dinner
in a folding chair
that he cooked on a hot plate,
just in his boxers and shorts?
-No, I don't think
about that ever.
Why would you think about that?
-I can't help it.
-Can I pay up now, please?
-OK, you know what?
Fine.
I'll just swing back around
and pick up his soccer stuff
and drop it off later.
-God, you can hear
them from here?
That's depressing.
-Happy Sunday.
-Yeah.
-Let's get the kids
out, save the future.
-And you wouldn't
have to do that if you
had thought to pack it.
-Well, if you'd seen
it in the foyer,
I don't understand
why you didn't
just put it into the car.
-Because I don't do things if
I'm not being asked to do them
because I don't like
getting in trouble.
-Anybody else?
-Because you're like a child.
-Can we take the kids out
so you guys can continue
whatever it is
that you're doing?
-Can you that that?
Do you mind?
-I want to take it.
-You take it then.
You take it.
Oh, man.
Are you being serious?
The forecast calls for tears?
Are you not having
any fun today?
You're not going to
have one ounce of fun.
-Ella forgot her dream light.
-I got a dream light for you.
One dream light.
Free.
You gonna be like this all day?
-So the other-- the other day
when Tammy and I were late,
we were at my dad's place.
You know, we were, like,
looking at the house.
And he walked in, and he was--
He was dressed as a woman.
-Wait, what?
-Coming.
I'm coming.
Hello!
Oh, Zacky, my--
-Sarah and Len will
be in in a minute.
-Oh my god, my baby,
gorgeous as ever.
Thank you.
Hello.
Go.
Go, go, go, go, go.
What-- who changed
the standing order?
-Ali got tofu schmear.
-Why'd Ali get tofu schmear?
What about the lox spread?
What about the veggie?
-Nothing was replaced.
It was in addition to.
I'm dairy free.
-That's good.
I'm dairy free too.
-Since when?
-Right now.
I've been meaning to cut it out.
It makes me very gassy.
-Yeah, that's probably
where you get it from.
-How's Ed?
-All he does is stare.
-What does the doctor say?
-The doctor?
The doctor?
What does the doctor say?
I should write a song.
It could be like this
for the rest of my life.
I could die and be rotting in
my casket before anyone notices.
-Well, you should get help.
-Why can't you help?
Hm?
Did you get a job yet?
That's what I thought.
KIDS: (SINGING) What
does the doctor say?
What does the doctor say?
ALL: What does the doctor say?
-I grew up in Los Angeles.
I did the-- I don't know,
the whole Jewish thing.
It's like musical chairs.
You hit 25, and you
just choose the one
who's standing closest to you.
So we had three kids, and
we lived in two houses.
We had so many pets.
And then finita la commedia.
-Tell me about your kids.
-Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Sarah, she's my oldest, I
told her, and she took it.
She actually took it--
oh, this is beautiful.
She took it very well.
Maybe too well.
You know, I think she's
internalising the whole thing.
And next thing you know,
she's gonna have shingles.
There's Joshy.
He's my very successful son.
He's in the music business.
He's very, very, very, very,
very, very image conscious.
You know, he always-- the now
thing and the now restaurant
and the now, you know, jacket
and the now sunglasses, the now
girlfriend, the now dungarees.
And then there's Ali.
She's my baby.
That girl does
not seem to learn.
Very smart.
99th percentile on her SAT's.
-Wow.
-Out of the box smart.
She just doesn't seem
to be able to-- to land.
Can I go into your room?
-Sure.
-It's so pretty.
Mm.
I'm going to sit
and your vanity.
-You know, sweetie, this is a
really big journey that we're
on, and you've
just started on it.
So you've got to learn to
let go of everything anybody
thinks of you.
A really, really
good friend of mine
said this to me when
I first transitioned.
She said, you know, in five
years you're going to look up
and not one of
your family members
is still going to be there.
Not one.
-Was your friend right?
-Yep.
-That's so sad.
[SIREN]
-Mum needs the aero-bed pump.
Do you know where it is?
-No.
Why would I know where it is?
Mum's leg is bleeding.
-Mum's leg is bleeding?
-Yeah, I caught my leg on
that slatty thing out there.
-I'll get it.
-No, no, no.
Don't do anything.
Wait.
When you get to my age,
your skin is like Kleenex.
-The legend of
Tante Gittel's ring.
MUM: Will you come blow
this thing up, please?
-What's the story
with this thing again?
Who was Tante Gittel?
Was that Grandma Rose's
sister who was in Treblinka?
-Did we really have
somebody in Treblinka?
-Wasn't it, like, she was
waiting in line, going
to her death, and
handed it to somebody
right before she walked
into the gas chambers?
-Put that thing away.
Your father tried to propose
to me with that fakakta thing.
And I says-- I
says, no way, sir.
And I made him get me another.
You see them out there, arguing
like that for a half an hour?
I should put the lox away.
I don't want it to dry out.
-Well, so the fuck what?
You know, your dad's
always been creepy.
-Creepy?
This isn't about being creepy.
This is-- this is about
being in the wrong behind.
I mean, just can you
have a little empathy?
It's like-- it's like--
it's like he's been--
it's like he's hiding.
It's like he's been
hiding his whole life.
Fuck.
Don't tell Ali, OK?
Because my dad's
not out to her yet.
-What?
-Ma'am, ma'am, I'm going to have
to ask you to use caution when
passing through this area
with our goose population.
-OK, officer.
I'm-- I'm just going
over here, using caution.
You guys have to come
in at some point.
-Are the kids OK?
Just put a movie on.
They like "Frozen."
-They're fine.
-We'll be in in a minute.
-Oh my god, what is this?
-It's tofu schmear.
-It's disgusting.
I don't want this.
-I'll give her mine.
This is tip-top.
-Thank you.
-Impulsive.
-Fucking capers.
-Please hurry.
-Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Ali, Ali, Ali.
Ali, drop the plate.
-Go!
-Ali!
-Ma'am, what you're looking
at is a posturing goose.
-Hello!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
POLICEMAN: He will
rip your arm off
or worse for whatever
you've got on that plate.
-Drop it.
Drop it.
To the left.
-Go around the bench.
-Ali, drop the plate.
[SCREAMING]
BOTH: Hide the food.
-That bird can bite people.
[PANICKED SCREAMING]
-Oh, for crying out loud.
-My dream light only works if
you close all the blinds first.
-Blinds closed.
This light?
-Yep.
You look like you're
underwater, Uncle Joshy.
-You look like
you're underwater.
We're both underwater.
-Yeah.
-This whole house
is under the ocean.
-Yeah.
DAVINA: And that's
good night to Murray.
MAURA: Oh my goodness.
-He was a sweet old queen.
Come on.
Follow me, honey.
It's fine.
We all check on
each other's mail,
water each other's plants.
-I feel it's a little untoward,
looky-looing through his place.
-Oh, it's OK.
Oh, he wouldn't mind.
Really, it's fine.
Last vacancy here
went for two grand.
-Honestly, 2,000 is cheap.
[MUSIC NEIL YOUNG, "RAZOR LOVE"]
-OK, just think.
If we did absolutely nothing,
in, like, eight months,
a person would be here.
A new person who is half
of you and half of me.
-What about Glitterish?
What about my music career?
You're supposed to
be representing me.
-I know.
But think about all
the possibilities.
Like, we could go to Topanga.
We could go to
Northern California.
We could get a cabin.
We could have the baby.
We could record there.
We could go to the woods,
and you could just, like,
get fat and like a ripe peach.
-I don't want to be a peach.
-OK.
Look, come here.
Come here.
Come on, come on.
-What are you doing?
-Please have a seat.
Um, OK.
We should get married.
-What is that?
-It's my Tante Gittel's ring.
I'm pretty sure she
died in the Holocaust.
-Ew.
-Ew?
Ew to what?
The Holocaust.
-Ew to the Holocaust?
-I mean, no girl wants
to get proposed to
with a ring that came
from the Holocaust.
-Hello?
Hello?
I just want you
to think about it.
[MUSIC NEIL YOUNG, "RAZOR LOVE"]